Doc/global.adoc, before:

:tip-caption: :bulb:
:note-caption: :information_source:
:important-caption: :heavy_exclamation_mark:
:caution-caption: :fire:
:warning-caption: :warning:
:imagesdir: img/
:toc:
:toc-placement!:

= Global

This file contains all the diagrams presenting the general functioning of the application

toc::[]

== Package

* Global package diagram
+
image::diagram-package-global.png?raw=true[Global package diagram]

== Class

* Global class diagram (simplified)
+
image::diagram-class-global-simplified.png?raw=true[Global class diagram (simplified)]


== Use case

* Global use case diagram
+
image::diagram-usecase-global.png?raw=true[Global use case diagram]
+
As the main user of the application will be the tenants (see link:README.adoc#users-roles[users roles]), we have identified several actions that the tenants will be able to do.
+
The main use case of the application will then be to look for an apartment that the user of the app will rent for a long period of time. +
The user, during his/her research, will be able to indicate his/her preferences (for example, the user is looking for an apartment with a terrace) and to obtain a sorted list of apartments after filling all the criteria. +
The first apartment in the list will be the best match between the characteristics of the location and the user’s criteria.

== Sequence Diagrams

* Diagram Sequence Value Function
+
image::diagram-sequence-valueFonction.png?raw=true[ValueFunction Sequence Diagram]
+
If the Tenant wants to refine his search, he can click on the button "Ask more questions".
+
If he does it, the AskOpinionForUtility class will make sure there is more questions and will ask it. Once the Tenant answers it, the same class will retain the answer and will invoke AVF methods to recompute the value of the apartments.
+
After this, LayoutApartmentGUI will display the new ordered list of apartments with the new preferences.
+
The orchestrator class is used to activate/deactivate windows (it will be implemented in Java).





[%hardbreaks]
link:#toc[⬆ back to top]

Commit message:

Update sequence diagram
We updated the diagram-sequence-value-function according to your advice on the PR 19.

Doc/global.adoc, after:

:tip-caption: :bulb:
:note-caption: :information_source:
:important-caption: :heavy_exclamation_mark:
:caution-caption: :fire:
:warning-caption: :warning:
:imagesdir: img/
:toc:
:toc-placement!:

= Global

This file contains all the diagrams presenting the general functioning of the application

toc::[]

== Package

* Global package diagram
+
image::diagram-package-global.png?raw=true[Global package diagram]

== Class

* Global class diagram (simplified)
+
image::diagram-class-global-simplified.png?raw=true[Global class diagram (simplified)]


== Use case

* Global use case diagram
+
image::diagram-usecase-global.png?raw=true[Global use case diagram]
+
As the main user of the application will be the tenants (see link:README.adoc#users-roles[users roles]), we have identified several actions that the tenants will be able to do.
+
The main use case of the application will then be to look for an apartment that the user of the app will rent for a long period of time. +
The user, during his/her research, will be able to indicate his/her preferences (for example, the user is looking for an apartment with a terrace) and to obtain a sorted list of apartments after filling all the criteria. +
The first apartment in the list will be the best match between the characteristics of the location and the user’s criteria.

== Sequence Diagrams

* Diagram Sequence Value Function
+
image::diagram-sequence-valueFonction.png?raw=true[ValueFunction Sequence Diagram]
+

The goal of this diagram sequence is to show that the tenant has the possibility to ask some new questions in order to get a more refined list of apartments. 


List of classes/methods that will be implemented in java : 
`Orchestrator class`, `manageAOFU()`, `manageLAG()` `AskMoreQuestion()`, `adaptAVF()` methods.
Some details on these class and methods are available below.

`Orchestrator` class : as its name shows, the orchestrator class will be used to manage the interactions between the tenant and AOFU and LAG classes.
If the Tenant wants to refine his search, he can click on the button `askMoreQuestions`. Then, the Orchestrator will call `manageAOFU()` to request a supplementary question and call other AOFU methods in order to recalculate the AVF of the apartments in the list according to the new tenant's answer.
Afterwards, the Orchestrator calls the `manageLAG()` to use its methods which are able to sort the new list and display it to the tenant.

`askMoreQuestions()` and `adaptAVF()` methods : they're not already implemented in `AskOpinionForUtility`. 
The former will check if there are available questions and if yes, display one to the tenant (we didn't determind yet how is chosen the question). 
The latter method takes as parameters an avf and a criterion list. It will enable to recalculate avf apartments according to the given parameters. This method calls either `adaptBounds()` or `adaptWeight()` (both present in the `ApartmentValueFunction` class) depending on the length of crits list.
Indeed, if the crits list size equals 1, this means that the proposed question concerns only one criterion, consequently, we need to adapt bounds. However, if the size equals 2, we can understand that the question aimed to compare two criterias. Therefore, we need to adapt the criterion weights.

Once the tenant gets a new sorted list of apartments, if he's satisfied, he has the opportunity to select an apartment, otherwise, he isn't blocked and is free to do what he wants.


[%hardbreaks]
link:#toc[⬆ back to top]
